README.md, before:

# Talo backend: self-hostable game dev tools

Talo is the easiest way to add leaderboards, player authentication, peer-to-peer multiplayer and more to your game. Using the Talo Dashboard, you can visualise and analyse your game data to make data-driven decisions.

Talo is available to use via our [Godot plugin](https://github.com/TaloDev/godot), [Unity package](https://github.com/TaloDev/unity) or [REST API](https://docs.trytalo.com/docs/http/authentication).

## Features

- 👥 [Player management](https://trytalo.com/players): Persist player data across sessions, create segments and handle authentication.
- ⚡️ [Event tracking](https://trytalo.com/events): Track in-game player actions individually and globally.
- 🎮 [Godot plugin](https://trytalo.com/godot): Easily integrate Talo into your Godot game.
- 🎮 [Unity package](https://trytalo.com/unity): Easily integrate Talo into your Unity game.
- 🗃️ **Data exports**: Create CSVs of your Talo data like players, events and feedback.
- 🕹️ [Leaderboards](https://trytalo.com/leaderboards): Highly customisable leaderboards that can sync with Steamworks.
- 💾 [Game saves](https://trytalo.com/saves): A simple and flexible way to load/save game state; also works offline.
- 📊 [Game stats](https://trytalo.com/stats): Track global or per-player stats across your game; also syncs with Steamworks.
- 💬 [Game channels](https://trytalo.com/channels): Send real-time messages between players subscribed to specific topics.
- ⚙️ [Live config](https://trytalo.com/live-config): Update game settings from the web with zero downtime.
- 🔧 [Steamworks integration](https://trytalo.com/steamworks-integration): Hook into Steamworks for authentication and ownership checks.
- 🗣️ [Game feedback](https://trytalo.com/feedback): Collect and manage feedback from your players.
- 🔔 [Player presence](https://trytalo.com/players#presence): See if players are online and set custom statuses.

## Links

- [Website](https://trytalo.com)
- [Documentation](https://docs.trytalo.com)
- [Self-hosting examples](https://github.com/talodev/hosting)

## Contributing

Thinking about contributing to Talo? We’d love the help! Head over to our [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to set up the project, run tests, and start adding new features.

## Join the community

Have questions, want to share feedback or show off your game? [Join us on Discord](https://trytalo.com/discord) to connect with other developers and get help from the Talo team.

Commit message:

add player relationships to readme

README.md, after:

# Talo backend: self-hostable game dev tools

Talo is the easiest way to add leaderboards, player authentication, peer-to-peer multiplayer and more to your game. Using the Talo Dashboard, you can visualise and analyse your game data to make data-driven decisions.

Talo is available to use via our [Godot plugin](https://github.com/TaloDev/godot), [Unity package](https://github.com/TaloDev/unity) or [REST API](https://docs.trytalo.com/docs/http/authentication).

## Features

- 👥 [Player management](https://trytalo.com/players): Persist player data across sessions, create segments and handle authentication.
- ⚡️ [Event tracking](https://trytalo.com/events): Track in-game player actions individually and globally.
- 🎮 [Godot plugin](https://trytalo.com/godot): Easily integrate Talo into your Godot game.
- 🎮 [Unity package](https://trytalo.com/unity): Easily integrate Talo into your Unity game.
- 🗃️ **Data exports**: Create CSVs of your Talo data like players, events and feedback.
- 🕹️ [Leaderboards](https://trytalo.com/leaderboards): Highly customisable leaderboards that can sync with Steamworks.
- 💾 [Game saves](https://trytalo.com/saves): A simple and flexible way to load/save game state; also works offline.
- 📊 [Game stats](https://trytalo.com/stats): Track global or per-player stats across your game; also syncs with Steamworks.
- 💬 [Game channels](https://trytalo.com/channels): Send real-time messages between players subscribed to specific topics.
- ⚙️ [Live config](https://trytalo.com/live-config): Update game settings from the web with zero downtime.
- 🔧 [Steamworks integration](https://trytalo.com/steamworks-integration): Hook into Steamworks for authentication and ownership checks.
- 🗣️ [Game feedback](https://trytalo.com/feedback): Collect and manage feedback from your players.
- 🔔 [Player presence](https://trytalo.com/players#presence): See if players are online and set custom statuses.
- 🤝 [Player relationships](https://trytalo.com/player-relationships): Easily add friends, followers and social systems to your game.

## Links

- [Website](https://trytalo.com)
- [Documentation](https://docs.trytalo.com)
- [Self-hosting examples](https://github.com/talodev/hosting)

## Contributing

Thinking about contributing to Talo? We’d love the help! Head over to our [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to set up the project, run tests, and start adding new features.

## Join the community

Have questions, want to share feedback or show off your game? [Join us on Discord](https://trytalo.com/discord) to connect with other developers and get help from the Talo team.
